VILLA GARDEN ESTATE
it is located at Enugwu-Agidi AWka Anambra state, about 15 minutes drive from anambra fly-over. Enugwu-Agidi is one of the emerging cities in Anambra State and ranks top 4 location to buy land for real estate investments, this is so because of it's highpotential for development. Investing in Villag Garden Estate is profit yielding as almost all parts of the Anambra State is semi urban centers filled with numerous major markets and emerging cities. Hence, the high influx of people into the city with rapid urbanization and expansion. 
popular landmarks surrounding our estate includes Dunukofia local government sectariat, National Television Authority(NTA),NIN head office,Amawbia fly-over.

DE-ROCK VIEW GARDENS ESTATE
it is located at Kuchigko Kuje Abuja. it is an affordablem district to live in and aa very excellent place to invest for savy investors. it is set to benefit from it's strategic location near centananoy city.
popular landmarks includes market square, polystrene company.

SUNCITY PARKS AND GARDENS PHASE 2(THE LANDMARK)
It is located at umuokenne, it is a rapidly developing area in owerri which is along port-harcourt road imo state. it has become one of the most sought-after locations in owerri for real estate investments in recent years. the landmark is a strategic location with a lot of potential. it is close to the fedral university of technology(FUTO), the sterling oil company and the 34 artilery barracks. these three mega-development has attrected a lot of people to the area including investors, intrepreneurs and workers. The presence of these mega-development has made the landmark Estate an attractive location, very affordable with high investment returns(ROI), witht the appreciation rate and value of 90-100% increase annually.

SUNCITY PARKS AND GARDENS PHASE 1/(EXTENSION)
thiks is located in the heart beat of owerri, Imo state. it has a serene enviroment, very fast developing area. it has the potentials for prominet residents. The topography is 100% dry, no doubt it is the best place to invest.
popular landmarks may include Assumpta cathedral(control junction), city global hotel(hosital junction), Imo police head quaters, Nigeria correctional center, deeperlife camp ground, Nigeria medical association(NMA), Avu mechanical village(automobile market). 
it is planned for central hub of business in Owerri city.

ONYX GARDEN ESTATE PHASE 1/2, ISELE AZAGBA, ASABA
It is a strategically located estate in Asaba just before the Asaba Airport. it is surrounded by other estates. Onyx gardens is a master piece and stands out with it's aesthetic features. it provides an amazing investment opportuniity for eveyone,with regular capital appreciation.
landmarks includes Asaba airport, Grace villeinternational school, justice Excel academy,Witch tech Aluminium company.

DREAMLAND ESTATE
This is located at Ofada mowe, ogun state. it is about 4 minutes drive from the popular Yotomi estate, a and 15 minutes drive to Redeem camp. Dreamlalnd is designed to be a mind blowing master piece which shall be a representation of a 21st century estate,
with excellent landscape, 24hrs CCTV surveillance, Electricity, Gardens and other amenities.

ROYAL COURT IBEJU-LEKKI.
It is located at Eleko ibeju-Lekki, which is a potential tourist center as it is endowed with beautiful ocean front and lagoon views. It is about 3 minutes drive from the Dangote refinery, which is expected to be one of the world's biggest single train refinery in the world. Also with the lekki freev trade zone near lagoon, enzabling easy shipment of refined petroleumto international markets making this the perfect investments for huge investment returns.

GRAND LUXURY ESTATE EPE, LAGOS
This is located close to epe film village and ketu round about along epe ikorodu road, Lagos state. it has 100% topography dry land and very affordable. the strategic location of epe town, gives it the advantage of a gateway city, while at one end it promises to become the residential capital of one of the most important emergyin g economic center in west Africa(which is the heart of the lagos megacity project). Due to its direct link to ibeji-lekki, on the opposite end, it has potentials (epe axis) to function as the transit hub of all the opposite states in Nigeria for  those who are going to engage in business transactions. 
landmark areas include Lekki international Airport, palm attentic university, film villagee, lekki international market, St. Augustine University.
